c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\Shopit.Presentation.dll.config
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\Shopit.Presentation.dll
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\Shopit.Presentation.pdb
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\obj\Debug\Shopit.API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\obj\Debug\Shopit.Presentation.dll
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\obj\Debug\Shopit.Presentation.pdb
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\ApplicationService.dll
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\Shopit.Domain.dll
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\Shopit.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\Resources.dll
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\ApplicationService.pdb
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\Shopit.Domain.pdb
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\Shopit.Infrastructure.pdb
c:\Users\rodrigo.ribeiro.webmotors\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shopit\Shopit.Presentation\bin\Resources.pdb
